My favorite book of all time I have to say is Siddhartha by Hermann Hesse. So I
grew up reading mythology, Greek mythology, and maybe magic
books, and a few sports books, lots of fables and Aesop's fables,
so that's what got me to read. But I didn't really I don't see any very
substantial work that you know sold lots of intelligence and Hermann
Hesse's work Siddhartha was just what I needed to realize that
there are some really bright people out there way brighter than I am
who can think of some kind of plot that's very interesting and engaging
and Siddhartha, the main character of the story is a lot like me.
He's introverted, he's wondering about his future, he travels the
world looking for some kind of solution and the solution is, an answer
is given in the book, I don't know if it's a solution, but it made
me really self introspect a lot, and I started to read all of Hermann
Hesse's work later on and most of it just blew me away so it's
a good introduction to very intelligent reading.